
     Oladapo Adesunloro
     webdev641@gmail.com   |  Github/oladapzy    |   708-733-8620

About Me.
Passionate, creative  and problem solving Front End Developer Engineer looking for an opportunity where I can
learn and grow as well as use my skills both technical and non-technical ​to secure a fulfilling, and challenging 
position as a  Front End Developer Engineer for the betterment of a company. 

 Skills 
 HTML, CSS,  Javascript, Wordpress,  Jquery, SQL, 
 PHP, GIT,  Bootstrap,  API, Python		
 
Professional Experience 

Freelancer/ Front End Developer, 5/2019 - Current                              Chicago IL
● Implement and maintain content management systems like ( WordPress,  Shopify), including installation, configuration, and troubleshooting. 
● Writting code from scratch using Html, css, javascript.
● Developing online marketing and promotional strategies
● Tested websites for cross browser compatibility
● Creating landing page for email marketing.
● Updating web and mobile applications. 
● Convert a PSD and a wireframe to a functioning and responsive websites.
● Ability to multitask while delivery quality work to clients.
● Monitor uptime, hosting, and databases to ensure site is performing at maximum capacity 
● Developing all website with mobile and other screen responsiveness.
● Ability to multitask while delivering quality work.
● Design, and  developed new features and components for new or existing web applications.
● Self-starter and self-motivated
● Maintaning client website perfomance with Search Engine Optimization(SEO). 
● Embedding and or integrating API into client web application. 
 
Quake Tech, Front End Developer, 6/2017- 10/2018       Chicago IL                                                                                  
● Design, developed and modify  website and mobile applications.
● Helped in updating  web applications.
● Follow company guide in documenting and refactoring code.
● Assisting in managing daily website updates and maintenance. 
● Strong attention to details
● Monitoring campaign for website.
● Collaborate with team through Git and Slack.
●Implement new features to new or existing websites.
● Manipulating elements in the DOM for code adjustment or creating new features.
● Collaborating with other team members to work on a project.
● Convert a PSD and a wireframe to a functioning and responsive websites
● Updating e-commerce products and resizing images.
● Installing all necesssary plugins for e-commerce website to boost sales
 
Education & Certification.
● Front-End developement Techdegree treehouse - 2020
● Udacity - Data track Nanodegree program Certification- 2019 
●  Udemy - Web development - 2018
● Freecodecamp - Web development 2018 
● High School Diploma - 2014
